Hey everybody, how you guys doing?
My name is Jerome Hardaway,
I am the executive editor of etsuko.
And I'm here today to talk about
getting the first frontend job and
basically how to get the employers
to see and love your work.
So before we get started, I'm going to
go run through my table of contents and
let you guys see some of
the things we're gonna cover and
a get a little deep dive
introduction of me.
We're gonna go over what I
like to call the three users,
technologies you need to know,
how to build your resume.
Then we're gonna to take a lunch break.
After lunch, we're gonna be
getting our GitHub employer ready.
And then we're gonna look at how
to build a portfolio that works.
And then finally,
macro to micro content, constantly
pushing things out, that will get the
attention of prospective employers, right?
And then we're gonna have a summary and
a light goodbye.
Because of today, we've had some really
crazy things go on and last week, we had
Chadwick Boseman aka Black Panther,
I just name as the business name.
I don't know what his name was.
He passed last week due to colon cancer.
And I'm a big marvel fan,
if you guys haven't don't know that.
That's a pretty common thing on the web
about me is that I love all things marvel.
And I had this around.
So I was, you know what?
Today is as good as any day to
have my giant black panther
mask that I have never worn,
I've worn once but
because I'm a dork,
I have this around the house and I'm 30.
So, there you go.
So now after that, let's go ahead and
get into this, let's get alive.
So who am I?
Like I said, name's Jerome Hardaway.
They call me Captain America of the web.
And I get that name because I
love all things Captain America.
Hat right here, shields over there.
It's three of them, I moved them so
people didn't think I was too weird.
I help veterans get jobs through
my nonprofit Vets Who Code.
Well I'm not working as a dev Rail at
Quicken Loans where I'm focusing on tech
evangelism and
helping other people, other teams
get better while also championing
our culture to the outside world.
I focus on teaching veterans
everything I know about frontend,
every mistake I've made about Front End,
and helping them get jobs.
Today, I've helped over 250,
255 to exact, of veterans
get jobs in the tech sector,
mostly in frontend.
I have a few stragglers, once I've
done a DevOps, and have done a UX.
So rails and
things like that, but frontend is
where most of our veterans get jobs.
And I've done this with minimal resources,
minimal networking, just
all focus on the skills, pay the bills and
the tactics that we're gonna learn today.